Add note linking to role in attribution (#7366)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/appsflyer/index.md

}];
```

> > info ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info "Attribution and install counts might differ between Segment and attribution providers like AppsFlyer"
```

> > Attribution and install counts can differ between Segment and attribution providers like AppsFlyer. You can read more about this in our guide [Segment's Role in Attribution](https://segment.com/docs/guides/how-to-guides/segment-and-attribution/){:target="_blank"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For more information about the factors that contribute to these differences, see the [Segment's Role in Attribution](/docs/guides/how-to-guides/segment-and-attribution/) documentation.
```
